#Anker Wireless Vertical Mouse

This mouse is supposed to be ergonomically shaped so that when you’re using the mouse your hand is in a “handshake” position, which relieves some of the unnatural twisting that happens when you use a mouse. Given the fact that I’m so used to the traditional way of holding a mouse, there is definitely an acclimation period for this mouse. I haven’t *fully* learned to adapt to the mouse yet and find myself actually tensing my wrist up more because my hand hasn’t figured out how to comfortably rest while using it. 

The most comfortable position I’ve found is having the side of my palm on the table with my pinky acting as a stabilizer, though this position isn’t perfect and I frequently find myself readjusting. The fact is my hands are just too small (\~7 inch hand span) to comfortably use the mouse as it was designed -- my thumbs don't comfortably reach the page back/forward buttons. Speaking of the page back/forward buttons, they don't even work properly on a Mac. When I press them, I get an on screen page scroll instead of actually going back or forward in the browser. However, this feature *does* work on a PC. 

The matte finish on the mouse is a nice touch, literally. It's nice and soft. I also like the look of the black matte finish. The caveat here is that it can be a bit slippery, which doesn't help for someone with small hands that is already grasping to comfortably handle the mouse. The second thing is that matte finishes are fingerprint magnets, which is to say oils (of all kinds) will happily leave a trace on this mouse. So if you've been eating Cheetos, your mouse will too. 
